# C01 Project - Personas


## Persona 1

### Basic Bio

Adam is a 25 year old university student studying business at UTSC. He is currently working at DFI as an 
intern. Adam is very tech savvy and spends most of his free time on facebook and play online video games 
such as World of Warcraft. 

### Motivations & Anxieties

Adam is determined to prove himself as an outstanding intern so he build his resume. He is worried that 
he might make a huge mistake at work that may get him fired during his internship.

### Immediate Goals

Adam is tasked to create and maintain an admin account for DFI's new chatbot program on their website.
He needs to be able to add/remove content for the chatbot to track so site visitors can find them.

### User Goals

Adam wants to grow professionally and does not want to always have to ask others questions.

### Experience Goals

Adam wants to feel confident at using this new application as he has never managed a chatbot before. He 
does not want to spend an inordinate amount of time trying to learn it.


## Persona 2

### Basic Bio

Bob is a 58 year old senior financial analyst working for CIBC. He has worked in the financial sector for 
over 30 years. He enjoys spending his free time with his family and does not enjoy working overtime. He 
spends very little time on social media but is experienced in doing in depth researches on the internet for 
his position.

### Motivations & Anxieties

Bob is nearing his retirement age and so he is rather laid back in his work attitude. He does not want to  
work beyond his normal 9-5 schedule. However, he does not want to lose his job either because he has a 20 
year old son currently in university and he has to pay for his tuition.

### Immediate Goals

Bob was tasked by his manager to look at the options to bringing AI solutions to CIBC. He will have to 
report back his findings to his manager by next week.

### User Goals

Bob wants to put in minimal effort in accomplishing his work, however he does not wish to compromise on 
its quality either.

### Experience Goals

Bob does not wish to click through a website's countless internal links until he finds the information he 
is looking for. He wants to be efficient at collecting the information he needs so he can finish his work 
by 5pm.

## Persona 3

### Basic Bio

Charlie is a 35 year old founder and owner of an e-commerce website called dBay. He founded the website 8 
years ago when he thought that most transactions in the future would be done online. Charlie has a lot of 
experience in web development and spends the majority of his time improving his website.

### Motivations & Anxieties

Charlie wishes to keep expanding his business and to attract more users to his website. His biggest fear 
currently is that his website may not be up to date with the new technologies.

### Immediate Goals

Charlie has heard many good things about cryptocurrency and wishes to add that to his website as a payment 
method. He is looking around and researching what is the best way to implement that to his business.

### User Goals

Charlie wants to learn more about blockchain technologies and he is not afraid to put in a lot of work. 
However, he knows that he does not have a lot of free time given he also has to manage his website.

### Experience Goals

Charlie wants to feel that the time he spent researching is not wasted. He wants to be confident that the 
new technologies can help him grow his business.